CRM (Customer Relations managmeent) - Freshsales
Project management - Asana
Accounting - looking at quickbooks right now
Email - Gmail with Mailgun
Marketing - Buffer, and like 10 others.

View Demo

Focus MVP: Manage your entire business within a single solution
track customers e.g. ~100
accounting/invoicing
track inventory

You can streamline your processes, store and share files, share feedback under one roof
Built-in time tracking and billing
Manage clients, partners, and vendors at one place
Create and send professional invoices/Manage quotes, contacts, and invoices seamlessly/Billing system to send and receive online payments from anywhere
Easily accessible reports and key performance indicators
Powerful ticketing system to deliver stellar customer support
Roadmaps that are connected to real work/Gantt charts to keep your projects on track
Automatic text and email reminders

REAL TIME AVAILABILITY
Online Payments
MULTIPLE WAYS TO OFFER PRICING
Automatic text and email reminders - REDUCE NO SHOWS
GET FEEDBACK AFTER EACH JOB


I want a more efficient way of managing jobs and details, clients, employees maybe even quotes and scheduling, I am not entirely sure what's out there.
I did a brief search on it and it seemed there were options coming up that were project management programs where you paid like 20 a month per user etc. They seemed more technical and didn't really seem to fit my specific need.
I am only a small business so I would be using it to manage 2-5 people right now. At the moment I just use google calendar and add jobs, quotes etc. to it and then this communicate this with staff by phone or email. I have a spreadsheet I record staff hours and jobs on.
I am starting to have so many jobs scheduled I can see it will get confusing fast. I am just wondering is there a more efficient way of managing this out there?
Launch27.com
I just want something I can dump all this info into and have it organised for me
can I still record jobs and schedule them myself?
So I like the web booking system as an option but I want it to integrate with my process of taking calls, emails and texts and then responding and even maybe visiting before a job is booked in. So as long as I can manually add a job into this system then it would meet most of my major requirements. Is this possible?
Also is there a way of easily communicating this info with relevant parties? I.e. schedule access or delivery for staff.
It's the full operations, text message reminders, email reminders, booking yourself, your customer booking if you want, assigning teams, the whole shebang.

Later:
Dynamic reports to get clear insights
Effective project and task management
Its mobile app can be used by both Android and iOS users on the go.
Focused communication and real-time updates
Sync tasks with any calendar
Send automated, personalized, text and email reminders
Have clients review and sign contracts online
Easily customize the look and feel of your software
Manage almost every aspect of your business in one system
Fosters collaboration with online document storage and sharing
Automate personalized business workflows
Plan and track work with unlimited projects
Track time and bill for completed work accurately
Customize your own dashboards
Use pre-delivered reports
Generate invoices in seconds
Visualize, analyze, and organize your data with valuable insights
Take a quick look at your business with dashboards
Real-time communication makes way for better collaboration
Covers CRM, eCommerce, accounting, inventory, sales, and project management. 
Allowing you to fully automate your business processes.
Cloud-based, mobile-enabled, and social
Highly flexible and customizable
Effective resource management, project accounting, timesheet and expense management
Create and send invoices based on time tracked per project and customer
Seamless integrations with project management, accounting, help desk software and more
Simple and intuitive interface
assign the time entries to the right project, monitor employees’ internet usage and generate detailed reports
Desktop and mobile app available for many platforms and devices
An internal social network lets you collaborate easier, faster and more efficiently
Get instant feedback, share ideas, create workgroups and engage your employees
online multi-user editing and custom document approval workflows
Sell more with Bitrix24’s CRM and sales team management
It works on your iPhone, iPad or Android too
Track the complete sales process from anywhere with the online CRM software
Collaborate on tasks, manage timesheets, and log expense reports
Supply chain management with vendor tracking, purchasing, and inventory
Mobile app so you can manage your business on the go
Proposals and invoices optimized to get you booked
Contracts your clients can sign in seconds
Easy and intuitive workflows
Design forward client experience
Visualizing work in progress
Bugs and defect management
Polished user experience
Customizable dashboards and wallboards
Easy organization with tags, labels, and categories
Drag and drop functionality
Mobile functionality to access boards on the go
Quick overview on front and back of cards
Texts and visuals fit any screen size
Multiple view boards
Department collections
Time reporting
Time sheets
Estimation fields